OBSDOCS-1607: Create better topic map name entries (#87633)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/storing-and-recording-data-uwm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="storing-and-recording-data-uwm"]

> = Storing and recording data for user workload monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Storing and recording data for monitoring the user workloads
```

Author: same comment here, thanks!
